[MUSIC]
>> Kyle Simpson: What if
we use that let keyword?
Now, the way it looks is that the let
keyword is binding an i to the for
loop, but actually, there's a very
special behavior in this spec
that says it's binding the i,
not just to the for loop.
It's rebinding that i for
each iteration of the for loop.
So if we started using let i, all of
a sudden, it magically creates a brand new
i for each iteration that our
functions will duly close over.
And it'll just work,
without needing to insert the IFI.
So that's a pretty cool thing that blocks
scoping plus loops kind of solves that
canonical problem of not having enough
scope in each one of our iterations.
I don't think I have the slide here, but
this would be no different than
if we had said, for var i=1.
And then inside of our iteration loop,
we had said something like, let j=i.
We would have been creating a j,
brand new for each iteration.
Like if on line one and
a half, I said, let j=i, and
then instead of referencing the i's here
inside of our function, we reference j.
We'd obviously be referencing a j
that was created for each iteration.
So we could do it that way.
Turns out there's an extra special
behavior that lets in the for
header do that automatically for us.
>> Speaker 2: So if you use one of those
transpilers to run let on an ES5 and
on a long running loop like
through 10,000 elements,
it's gotta crank out 10,000
exceptions to that catch thing.
Could that be an extensive
performance hit?
>> Speaker 2: Because the let thing is
generating a catch block from a thrown
exception, so you generate like 10,000
exceptions and catch them 10,000 times.
Right?
>> Kyle Simpson: So
are you saying if I use let i, regardless
of the transpiler, you're saying if I use
let i, is that a performance hit, cuz it's
creating a whole bunch of i variables?
Is that what you're asking?
>> Speaker 2: Because
when you run it in ES5,
the trick was to run it in a catch block,
right?
>> Kyle Simpson: Mm-hm.
>> Speaker 2: And to get there you
had to throw an exception, right?
>> Kyle Simpson: Mm-hm.
>> Speaker 2: So you guys throw
an exception 10,000 times in a loop that
loops 10,000 times, right?
>> Kyle Simpson: Yeah.
>> Speaker 2: 10,000 stack traces, right?
>> Kyle Simpson: Yes.
>> Speaker 2: I don't know.
>> Kyle Simpson: So if you put this code,
as is, into the Google tracer compiler,
that's exactly what it would do,
is it would put a tricatch
inside of the iteration.
It would run each one of
the 10,000 iterations.
If, on the other hand, you did
something like what I would suggest,
where I don't want, let's say, I was in a
situation where I didn't need a new i, but
I still wanted it to be block bound.
Then, I can create an explicit block using
let or syntax around the four loop and
then it's just one tricatch instead of for
each iteration.
So, yes.
The bottom line is that ES6 will have
the capability to optimize that binding.
Our transpiled ones will
take a performance hit, but
it's really kind of like,
do you want the benefits of block binding,
not, do you wanna take a temporary
performance hit, cuz eventually,
the performance hit will go away.
But yeah, it's a good point.
>> Kyle Simpson: All right, now given
everything I've taught you about closures,
I want you to tell me if this particular
code is an example of closure.
What we have here is we have
one of those IFIs running.
You can see how I have an IFI running.
I have a foo that's pointing at
this object that gets returned,
and this object keeps a reference
to this variable inside it.
And outside of my function,
I'm able to reference something
from inside of the function.
So by virtue of our definition of closure,
is this closure?
>> Speaker 3: No.
>> Kyle Simpson: Why not?
>> Speaker 3: It would need to be returned
from an inner function, I don't know,
it doesn't feel right.
[LAUGH].
>> Kyle Simpson: It doesn't feel right?
>> Speaker 3: Yeah.
>> Kyle Simpson: I wish that was a good
enough answer for the real world.
>> Speaker 3: I know, right?
>> Kyle Simpson: No boss,
I don't know why, but
it just doesn't feel right.
Something's smells wrong.
You gotta give me an answer as to why.
You gotta defend your position.
>> [INAUDIBLE]
>> Speaker 2: I
would take the opposite position.
>> Kyle Simpson: You think it is closure?
>> Speaker 2: Yes.
>> Kyle Simpson: Why is it closure?
>> Speaker 2: It's accessing a variable
that doesn't have access to its scope.
>> Kyle Simpson: Okay, let's go back
to the definition that I gave you
for closure.
What was the definition that I gave you?
There were two characteristics for
that definition.
>> Speaker 4: Do you have
access to the lexical scope?
>> Kyle Simpson: What was the definition?
Can somebody go back and read it to me?
>> Speaker 4: Remembers the lexical scope-
>> Kyle Simpson: What
remembers its lexical scope.
>> Speaker 4: Function.
>> Kyle Simpson: Well now,
function remembers its lexical scope,
even when the function is executing
outside its lexical scope.
Is there a function who is
remembering his lexical scope?
>> Speaker 2: No.
>> Speaker 3: No.
>> Kyle Simpson: No.
Because we didn't
transport a function out.
This is kind of what you
were trying to articulate,
there's no interfunction here
that's being transported out.
We are keeping an object reference around.
This code works,
you can run this code and it will work.
We're keeping an object reference around,
but
we are not having a function
keep a reference to a scope.
So by definition, this isn't closure.
It is object references,
but it's not closure.
Does that make sense?
It's gotta be a function
being transported out.